---
title: Creating this website...
date: 2024-03-04
categories: [Projects, Blog]
tags: [Intro]
toc: false
math: true
pin: true
mermaid: true
image: https://i.ibb.co/TmhWZsY/nasir-al-mulk-mosque-shiraz-iran-3.jpg

<author_id>:
    name: exploot
---

Hello! This is my website. Creating it has been an exciting journey filled with learning and creativity. I embarked on this adventure with a vision to showcase my skills and projects in a visually appealing and accessible manner. To bring this vision to life, I decided to leverage the power of Github Pages and Jekyll, along with the familiarity of GIT and the convenience of Microsoft Visual Studio.

My journey began by exploring various platforms and tools for web development. After careful consideration, I chose Github Pages for its simplicity and ease of use, coupled with Jekyll for its flexibility and efficiency in managing content. With these choices made, I dove into the world of web development with enthusiasm and determination.

Setting up my development environment was the first step. Armed with Microsoft Visual Studio, I began crafting the layout and design of my site. The intuitive interface and robust features of Visual Studio allowed me to seamlessly integrate my creative ideas into the digital realm. Using GIT for version control ensured that my progress was tracked and managed effectively, giving me the freedom to experiment and iterate with confidence.

As I delved deeper into the development process, I found myself immersed in the intricacies of Jekyll. Its powerful templating system and built-in functionalities streamlined the creation of dynamic and responsive web pages. With each line of code, my site began to take shape, reflecting my personality and professional expertise.

Collaborating with GIT and Microsoft Visual Studio proved to be a winning combination, enabling me to fine-tune every aspect of my portfolio with precision and ease. Whether it was tweaking the layout, optimizing performance, or adding new features, the journey was as enjoyable as it was rewarding.

Now, as I unveil my mind to the world, I invite you to explore the culmination of my efforts. From design to deployment, every step of the way has been an adventure, and I am thrilled to share the results with you. Welcome to my digital showcase, where creativity meets technology, and the possibilities are endless.